Add support for automatic determination of k8s version (#15)
gardener/test-infra: docs/GetStarted.md

Therefore, a basic test consists of a command which will be executed inside the specified container image.

```yaml
kind: TestDefinition
metadata:
  name: TestDefName
spec:

>   owner: gardener@team.de # test owner and contact person in case of a test failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  owner: gardener@example.com # test owner and contact person in case of a test failure
```

>   recipientsOnFailure: developer1@team.de, developer2@team.de # optional, list of emails to be notified if a step fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  recipientsOnFailure: developer1@example.com, developer2@example.com # optional, list of emails to be notified if a step fails
```
